Eric:
This weekend has been one of the most painful 2 days of my "break." There were many issues that we overlooked and ended up causing us to backtrack a lot. Majority of the time, it was with Github. On the bright side, we learned a lot about it, forking, pulling, and pushing (mainly with the interface and how it works). I focused on creating the image boxes with text on the right, center text, as well as the footer from the "How-It-Works" and "Landing" pages. One thing this project has taught me is that given everybody's time difference, it was somewhat difficult to designate a proper time that worked with us all since some would be morning and others would be night, etc. Definitely, our teamwork has improved significantly, I learned how to organize documents so that each group member would have a designated code location so we can prevent merge conflicts (even when there were, we know what code goes where). To be honest, we were more focused on getting the actual website running than Github which really wasn't the case. We should've focused more on establishing Github and how fork/pull/push works ahead of time since, again, majority of our delays were caused by Github issues. Another thing that this project has taught me was how to debug code. We were on call for several hours looking at each other's code, trying to understand what is happening so I can confidently say that my debugging/code reading comprehension has gotten much better. Throughout this project, to be honest, we actually enjoyed the website creation aspect. We were having fun and messing around with a lot of the code, so much that I would say we had a blast. But all in all, Github gets me tight when it doesn't want to work. I be starring at the terminal for like an hour trying to figure out what's causing the error or why it's not working. Really should've outsourced the project to someone internationally, jk. My most favorite part about this project was when we had to copy and paste our code on slack and go line by line to see what changes were made and where/what to copy and paste.

Ian:
My part: I coordinated the team through my leadership and command of the central repository. I provided the principle suggestions for dividing work. I oversaw the methods for the general layout of the signup and and signin pages. I constructed the code for the header sections just underneath the navigation bar. I made myriad adjustments to the format of all four pages, and assisted in debugging errors.

My learning: Working with my team was a blast. It was interesting to see how working as a team held us back in some ways and spurred us far forward in others. I can confidently and enthusiastically say that everyone pulled their weight. This exercise was also a great opportunity to further explore page layout and responsiveness. I will summarize: What I learned from this assignment I credit to its own experience, and to my colleagues. Special credit to Zach Porros, who came to help our group when we were stuck on github problems.

Ala:
One of the very main issues our group dealt with was not having clear direction about push/pull/fork/merge on github. We all had different understandings of how to commit changes to github and submitting pull requests. I believe we all need a solid refresher on how to properly and successfully push and pull on github and in the terminal. It caused great confusion. I had an issue pulling, which resulted our leader to manually have to input my changes line by line. We spent more time trying to figure out the problems we faced on github than actually working on the project. We probably would have finished the project earlier on without github issues. On the bright side, working with a team was fun and interactive. We were able to successfully divide and execute our work portions. Being able to fully be involved with each other’s progress while helping each other through any struggle helped me learn better. I enjoyed the accountability and support. We spent hours working together as a team and I appreciated everyone for remaining patient with me. I was responsible for creating the nav bar, the “Start to Explore,” and “Solutions” section of the Landing page.


Gil:
I still have trouble in understanding how everything goes but with the help of my group members I was able to overcome the difficulties of this project. I was responsible to make the sign in and sign up pages. The first obstacle I came across was to figure out how to get to make a form with round bars, after finding out that bootstrap had codes that helped doing that, then I found out that by styling the form through css and by having the border-radius to 100% to have round edges. Then after having everything situated where everything where it supposes I started to find small mistakes that somehow would affect some other part of the code. I thought that since the sign-in and sign-up pages look similar it would be easy to do but it was not some of the codes translated but not all of bit. There is a lot more things that I need to learn and by doing this project it helped me overcome those confusing question I had and difficulties that appear during this project.
